Note how to override default identity values (#308)
gradle-nexus/publish-plugin: README.md

```

#### Add Metadata ####

> Override the default identity values with [this guide](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/publishing_maven.html#sec:identity_values_in_the_generated_pom).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Maven publishing page in Gradle documentation](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/publishing_maven.html#publishing_maven:publications) for what these mean, default values, and how to override coordinates (`groupId:artifactId:version`).
```
